["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob!
Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ What do you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Break it down ♪
[in English] ♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Cryin' my life
Cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ The Mob is alive
The Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
BOSS FIGHT
~THE FINAL LIGHT~
[suspenseful music playing]
Now I'll be able
to hit you with everything.
All my power, and all my rage.
[chimes]
OUTPUT 20%
[gasps]
[Suzuki] Is that it?
Looks like this is finally
getting interesting!
[laughs]
-[laughs]
-Look at you!
[Suzuki] You're enjoying this,
too, aren't you?
[laughs]
[Koyama gasps] What the hell is going on?
They're on a totally different level.
[Suzuki laughs]
[Suzuki] As good and righteous
as you try to sound,
deep down, you're the same as me.
[gasps, grunts]
Shige!
How does it feel to be released
from your shackles?
We are freer than
anyone else in the world!
-[gasps]
-[music fades]
[Ritsu] Brother…
[gasps]
[Mob gasps, whimpers]
[Mob gasps] How?
How could I be so foolish?
What's wrong with me?
It may have only been for a moment,
but I let this power control me!
You're so emotionally unstable.
At this rate, you'll never catch up to me,
no matter how far you go to do so.
I am the best in the world!
[Mob] I don't get it.
How did your life end up
being so empty and hollow?
Though I suppose I can't really judge you
for the life you chose.
You were just unlucky, that's all.
[scoffs]
-You're joking, right?
-[tense music playing]
There's no one in this whole world
who's as lucky, as me!
[chimes]
OUTPUT 50%
Heaven bestowed these powers upon me
and made all of you extras in my story,
solely here to make my star shine!
[Mob] Is that so?
Then it wasn't luck that you were missing.
It was bonds.
What did you say?
I mean that, in your world,
you were the only one who existed.
You lived in total solitude.
I know how that feels.
A life of loneliness,
one I want to forget…
I don't understand.
What is this?
Why are you crying?
[Mob] You might not believe me
when I say this,
but it's true.
I really don't wanna hurt you.
[clicks tongue]
[tense music continues playing]
[grunts]
I'm sorry.
[Suzuki gasps]
[Reigen] What in the hell is going on?
-[music fades]
-[Dimple] I have no idea.
The president's aura
has suddenly vanished.
-Does that mean it's finally over?
-Yes! Way to go, Mob!
[Takeuchi] Impressive.
Hard to believe that boy's actually human.
That's true.
He's just a normal middle school kid.
[Ritsu] You used a tremendous amount
of power once again. Didn't you, brother?
-[Sho] It's not over yet.
-[gasps]
My dad's aura didn't disappear.
-It only changed.
-[tense music playing]
[Sho] He mentioned to me before.
When he's under a lot of stress,
that's when he's truly awakened.
[Mob grunts]
-[grunts]
-[Suzuki yells]
This is completely incomprehensible.
How can one man's powers
be so incredibly immense?
[Dimple] Shigeo, this is the one time
you shouldn't try to do the impossible.
[Teru] He's already using way
more energy than he did when beat me.
[Reigen] If you can't win, then run.
You're not responsible for any of this.
-[music fades]
-Mob.
[sighs] I've never felt like this before.
Now wake up.
If you think you're going
to give up after that,
you're sadly mistaken.
Open your eyes!
-No, I'm done.
-[gasps]
I hate to admit it,
but I'm just not strong enough.
I don't have what it takes to show you
a new path to follow in life. Sorry.
Oh? You're the one who awakened
these destructive impulses!
Now you're going to have
to deal with them!
It's too late to crawl off
and hide in your shell now!
[Suzuki gasps]
[Mob] I give up.
I hoped you could turn over a new leaf
and become a better person,
but that hope is gone.
-[screams]
-[mysterious music playing]
It appears that…
[groans] …we're both influencing…
[yelps] …each other quite a bit.
Yes.
But I failed at being
a good influence on you.
So that's it. At this point, we both lose.
[groans, shrieks]
OUTPUT 100%
[Mob] This is…
[Mob] I think I'm about to die.
-Mob, no!
-[Mob gasps]
[music concludes]
What's up, Shigeo?
-Hey, bro!
-'Sup?
Well done, kid.
[Mob] No, this is nothing.
It doesn't come close
to the fear of losing all I have.
[Suzuki yells]
[uplifting music playing]
[growls]
Body Improvement! Fight on!
[Suzuki grunts]
[Suzuki growls]
[grunts, yells]
[groans]
[Suzuki growls]
[music fades]
[Suzuki grunts, growls]
[Mob] You're finished!
-[growls]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[Mob] If something like that
makes it outside…
[growls]
[Mob] it might…
-[Suzuki yells]
-[Mob] I… I think it's gonna…
-I think it's gonna explode!
-[music fades]
[Mob] Everyone! Run! Run away!
-It's Mob! Look!
-Whoa! He's alive!
[Mob] He ended up releasing
too much energy
-and self-destructed!
-You're bleeding like crazy!
-[Mob] Master! You need to run!
-[gasps]
[Mob] All that's left is
a massive amount of energy.
It's just gonna keep
growing and churning,
until it explodes like a bomb!
[rumbling]
And it looks like
there won't be any way to contain it.
-So, let's hurry!
-[all panting]
All right.
I think we need to get outta here.
We're gonna get caught up
in that if we stay.
[voice quivers]
That's the president's final light
flickering back there.
[sobs] Our president
who was trying to take over the world.
Just shut up and run! You're gonna die!
[Dimple] Hey, wait a second!
Where's Shigeo?
Huh?
[Suzuki] You made the right decision.
There's no avoiding this.
[Suzuki]
You have to sever the energy source
before the explosion happens,
by putting an end to my life.
[gasps]
-Wait, what are you doing?
-Containing the explosion.
[somber music playing]
So in the end, not only were you unable
to defeat me, but you also couldn't save
your friends or even yourself.
Such a tragedy.
Someone with your abilities should've
been able to handle this better.
I may have powers,
but they don't fix everything.
-And honestly, that's fine with me.
-Huh?
I still have a choice.
And I control my own destiny.
I get to be the protagonist.
It's my life.
[gasps]
[Mob] That's why I chose to be here.
No matter how much I dislike you,
I can't just leave you here
to suffer on your own.
That would be too sad.
And that's why I'm staying.
[gasps]
[Suzuki] What are you planning
to do with that filthy cat?
Aw, come on now.
After all, the poor
little thing was drenched
and shivering out in the rain.
And besides,
it'll help Sho learn to be a gentle boy.
I mean, he is going
to grow up watching you.
We need to be gentle. Gentle.
I don't understand!
Why did you have to be so violent?
[Suzuki] Simple, it's pragmatic.
To lead an organization,
I need to establish my dominance.
You can't control people's hearts
with psychic powers!
You're wrong. True power is absolute.
And, as long as I have it,
people will believe in me.
-Maybe some, but not everyone.
-[Suzuki] Everyone.
Even our gentle little Sho
is starting to take
an interest in what I can do.
[Suzuki's wife] Goodbye.
[door closes]
[Suzuki] What happened? When did I?
-[Mob screams]
-[Suzuki gasps]
[groans] If I can just absorb it.
[Suzuki] Don't do it! You'll only end up--
-[yells]
-[gasps]
[Mob] You wanted
to apologize, didn't you?
-[gasps]
-Then you need to say it loud and clear!
[screams]
You have to. The same goes for me!
I need to tell someone
how I feel about them, too!
[screams]
[Reigen grunts]
[breathes sharply]
[wind howling]
[Reigen] Mob…
[beeping, shutter clicks]
-[Teru] Kageyama!
-[Ritsu] Shige!
[Dimple] Hey! Wake up!
-[Teru] Can you hear us?
-Say something!
-Shigeo!
-Brother, please! [gasps]
He's coming around!
Let's dig him out.
[Teru] Thank goodness you're okay.
[Reigen] Unbelievable.
Anyway, the sooner we can
get outta here, the better.
Can ya walk?
I think so.
Every one of our wounds have been healed.
Our clothes are in shambles, though.
Huh. Yeah, you're right.
What's up with that?
There, on the left side of your chest.
[Mob] Huh?
[Dimple] Pretty bold
fashion statement, kid.
[chuckles] I gotta say, Kageyama,
you never cease to amaze me, ya know that?
Couldn't have picked
a better rival to go up against.
Don't go wandering off too far, okay?
-[Mob] This ground, it's not concrete.
-[suspenseful music playing]
My head is still spinning.
The sky seems cramped.
Where are we?
[debris thudding]
[Reigen] There's the exit.
Watch out for fallin' objects.
[Teru] It's quiet.
I'm surprised there aren't any
news 'copters flying around.
Well, can you blame them?
I wouldn't come anywhere near here
without knowing if it's safe yet.
[Mob] Everything does seem
kinda quiet, though.
What's going on?
[Reigen] I seriously thought
you were a goner
back there, Mob. Pretty scary.
I was sure ground zero
would've been totally eviscerated.
Uh--
What the hell is that?
But what appeared
there happened to be-- Uh--
-Hey! Whoa, Shige! Take it easy!
-[grunts]
Can you walk?
'Cause your body's been through a lot.
Don't worry, I'm okay.
No broken bones or anything.
But lately, whenever I use a lot of power,
I have a hard time
staying awake afterward.
[Ritsu] Huh?
[gasps]
In that case, let me carry you a bit.
-You get some rest.
-[sighs]
[Ritsu] But, where do
you plan on carrying him?
Our house is…
Sorry. He'll be able to fix up
your house good as new,
but he'll need three days to do it.
Just three days?
[sighs]
[Reigen] Why don't you guys crash
at my place?
It'll be cramped,
but I'm sure we can make it work.
Jeez! What's with the face?
I'm just tryin' to help!
-Yeah, don't worry about me. I'm good.
-[playful music playing]
[Ritsu] Would you mind
if we stopped by the school first?
[Reigen] At this hour?
[Ritsu] There should be
a spare tracksuit in the club room.
TELEPATHY CLUB
BODY IMPROVEMENT CLUB
[Reigen] Oh.
Good call.
[Ritsu] I wonder if they'd mind
if I borrowed one for myself, too.
-I really shouldn't without asking.
-[music fades]
Tracksuit thieves! Stop!
-[gasps]
-[Mob] Hey, Captain.
[Reigen] I think I just peed a little.
[Goda] You startled me.
I stopped by to grab some dumbbells.
Wasn't expecting
to see anyone at this hour.
Sorry 'bout that.
You gave us a scare, too.
It's all good, I get it.
Hang on just a sec, okay?
[upbeat music playing]
Hey, how's it going? Question for ya.
So, uh, what's everyone from
the Body Improvement Club doing here?
We were just stopping by to--
Bein' here this late gave me an idea!
The Body Improvement Club
will now start a three-day, four-night
strengthening hell training camp!
Hang on. We're here to--
We should always help each other out
when we're in need!
True, but we're really tired and we just--
I'm sure you wanna sleep
on a giant futon, don't ya?
No! A small one's just fine!
There's enough room for all
of you over at my granny's house!
You'll need to gather
and make your own food,
so it'll be excellent training!
And it's just a 90-minute jog away!
-[Goda] Let's move out!
-Wait! Reigen told us earlier that we--
That sounds great!
You guys take care, okay?
I'm gonna take a cab home.
[Ritsu screams]
-[Goda] Body Improvement!
-[Ritsu screams]
[club members] Fight on! Fight on!
[Dimple] Man. Rough one.
[Teru] I totally forgot!
I Should've gone over
to Reigen's place after all.
[music fades]
[Saruta] Uh, Is that what I think it is?
They say seeing is believing,
-but honestly, I still don't believe it.
-[somber music playing]
No kidding. I mean, how do you even go
about growing something like that?
[gasps] Come on, you guys!
Isn't it obvious?
Aliens! This is the work of aliens!
Awesome!
-[man] It's beautiful.
-This simply must be
-the work of our beloved leader!
-[indistinct chatter]
-Crazy. A giant vegetable.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-[shutter clicks]
-That thing's got Mob written all over it.
No doubt!
[Mitsuura] That's incredible!
So you're the ones
behind that giant plant?
Uh, well, If you're asking if we were
directly involved,
I guess I'd have to say no.
-I mean, we basically were, though.
-Huh?
Amazing! Fantastic!
[Kurosaki] Mitsuura?
I'm sorry, but I think I'm going
to have to stop coming here.
What do you mean? Why would you stop?
If everything goes well with your research
and you actually develop
the technology to make espers…
-[laughs]
-[Rei] …out of ordinary people,
there might end up being
even more of these misguided people
who misuse their powers.
I can't support what you're doing
and I think you should stop.
-I don't even need the money.
-[yelps]
She's right, this Should stop.
Honestly, we're really
not that remarkable.
[yelps]
Are you sure, kids?
[whimpers] Okay!
You're right.
I'll stop using you for research.
[all chuckle]
[Mitsuura] But to be honest,
my favorite part of all this
is just spending time with you guys.
-[all chuckle]
-[Mitsuura] You all wouldn't mind
coming by every once in a while
as friends, would you?
What now? What do you plan
on doing with your life?
The organization's gone.
So, I guess finding
another job is up first.
[Koyama] Yeah. Same.
Now that there aren't
any more scars on my face,
maybe I'll start up a ramen shop.
[Sakurai] Scars or not,
I don't think the hospitality
industry is for you.
[Koyama] You got anything lined up yet?
[Sakurai] I've got an interview
at a convenience store.
What? You're really gonna ask him?
Yes, I'm hoping Master Reigen
will allow me to study under him.
Are you sure?
You're not exactly
a people person, you know.
[Mukai] She's right. I mean,
you are kind of boring.
-[Muraki] Uh…
-[music fades]
[Joseph] So, it looks like the government…
determined that this was the work
of a delusional
criminal organization, huh?
I can't believe you were defeated
by a civilian esper.
[Suzuki] It's the truth.
[sighs] How embarrassing.
You give us pros a bad name.
What'll happen to my dad?
[Joseph] Well, let's see.
Under normal circumstances,
he'd be executed.
But, who knows?
They might decide to keep him
alive as a research subject.
[Serizawa] Why'd he have to say something
so harsh to his son like that?
[Joseph] Either way,
it's not my call to make,
so I can't say for sure.
[splutters] President! Wait a second!
[Suzuki] Serizawa. Listen.
I never actually considered
any of you as my comrades.
So don't worry about me.
People are going to try to manipulate you
because of your lack of self-confidence.
Make sure you don't let them.
And, Sho.
I was hoping you'd have the opportunity
to see your mother again
and reconnect with her.
But it seems my pride
severed that possibility.
-I'm truly sorry about that.
-[Sho] Don't be.
-I see Mom every now and then.
-[gentle music playing]
Believe it or not,
she's always asking me how you're doing.
It's too bad.
Really wish I could've stopped you
before she found out what you'd become.
When I called her this morning,
she said she'd come see you sometime.
So I wouldn't start thinking
this is all over with if I were you.
You'll still get an earful from Mom,
and believe me, you need it.
[Suzuki] "People need other people."
[scoffs]
[car honking]
-What? So it was only a short circuit?
-[upbeat music playing]
[sighs] Apparently,
a mouse bit into some wires.
And since that's what started the fire,
the insurance kicked in,
and bam! New office.
Which is great, except
for how boring it looks.
Okay, Mob, do your thing.
Right.
Good work. Thanks.
[gasps]
That hole in my pocket…
-I just remembered.
-[music fades]
That's where I put those broccoli seeds
from the farm job.
Broccoli seeds?
-Oh, well, it doesn't really--
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
-Broccoli, huh?
[gasps]
Master, you mean that's…
[Reigen] How about we play the
"just forget you ever saw this" game?
Anyway [sighs] This guy sure is late.
-Huh?
-[door opens]
[Reigen] Oh, there you are. Come in.
I got lost along the way.
I'm really sorry.
Thanks for the other day, Kageyama.
What's with the suit?
Wait, are you gonna work here?
-Mm-hmm.
-["Ikiru Hitobito" playing]
Reigen was generous enough
to make me an offer.
He said it was something
that even I could handle.
And I figured it was the least
I could do after Claw
caused so much trouble.
[chuckles softly]
Our goal is to try and make a better
tomorrow for everyone. Are you with us?
Uh, yes, sir! I'll do my best!
The client's gonna be here soon.
-But before they get here,
-Huh?
time to re-do your do.
Huh?
Whoa! That's amazing.
-Hmm.
-He seems so different.
[Reigen] I guess he at least
looks like he can pull off
customer service now.
Hold on. Did you say customer service?
What Should I do when
a customer comes around?
What was your last job?
Uh, if people showed up, my orders were
to start attacking them with my umbrella.
What the hell, dude?
Ah, well, we can make it work. Oh!
If you have any questions,
you can ask my senior staff member.
Your what?
[Reigen] So, Mob.
Think you could show him the ropes?
At least until he's out of training.
Huh?
A pleasure to work with you, Mr. Kageyama!
Huh? Oh, yeah.
A pleasure to work with you, too.
[Mob] What should I do?
Now I'm getting nervous.
[door opens]
-[man 1] Uh, pardon me. Is this--
-[Reigen] Oh, hello there! [chuckles]
Really sorry about the mess.
Please have a seat.
Serizawa, get our guest some tea.
[Serizawa] T… Tea? I… I'm sorry,
I've never made that before.
[Dimple] We are so screwed.
[song concludes]